 I've had this msg 3 times, even after restarting both devices. Watch is at 58% &amp; on charger. Ideas? 
 I actually spoke with someone on the phone earlier and set up an appointment at the nearest Apple Store. Thank you!
 why is my 3D Touch not working when I try to add effects to my messages?
 I ordered the 7 plus on Saturday and my ETA is the middle of October?! Any chance I could get it sooner
 Using Grab (pre-installed software in Mac). Capture&gt;Selection (Shift +Cmd+A), then Save.
#ios10 is not letting me use the camera. I can use it from snapchat or whatsapp but the app is not working. Fix this. 
 sorry I just DM you
  I bought the phone through eBay and I can't  contact him does this mean I can't activate the phone??
 thanks that works. I like the on exit blur but the delay is too long.
iOS 10.   Do not like.  
 I can't send confetti texts help
 I have tried but I can't DM you
 why can't I get iOS 10??? 
   I didn't really even notice the emojies
 I'm using a desktop running Vista while I wait for a new laptop. I know Vista can't get 12.5.1 so I'll put it off until then.
  #Cymraeg #Welsh  
 Will Home App understand Geofencing for more then one device? (example: Im leaving, my wife is home - lights need to stay on)
 please check your DMs
 Hi there. I figured it out after doing google searches. It was stuck on a reboot loop. Had to reset; annoying but works now
 yes after i updated to ios10
 will you bring back the old emojis?
 it didn't worked :(
RT  I'm tired of y'all   Imma cop the new iPhone cuz my 6 starting to trip(go figure) but I'm tired! htt
Doing the new  update was the worst decision I ever made, it won't let me switch iMessage on even though I've got data
 you guys did nothing to help and i waited for close to a hour to hear that you cant help. I guess you dont want my business
 please answer my dms
 
 Hi, so my Home app isn't working or that's what i think. I turn the lights on, start the app but nothing happens. Help
  your welcomee ::)
  oh my god this is happening to me too
 it unlocks by just touching the home button after the screen is on but locked.
Hey  What happened to  tweets?
 I deleted betaprofile and tried to restore multiple times after that. dunno what I did but after 9th(!) try it works. Thanks!
  its all fixed but now my 5s charging port doesnt work
#ios10  all of my none iCloud notes have gone after upgrade from 9.3.5 Thanks  
 iPhone 6s
Mein iPad verliert ständig seinen WLAN-Router seit iOS10-Update. Immer wieder neu einzurichten.  this sucks.
 have you guys fixed the issue with the installation process of iOS 10?
 hey would you be able to check the DM of me please
no one likes it    new lay out is the worst, change it back 
 version of tech help. "Try restarting your device." "Have you tried deleting the app?"My fave tip: 
 it automatically quits when I open it
    yo uso Android en un Fairphone. De momento va de dulce.
  updated to #iOS10 and now my car is telling me my device is not compatible with Apple CarPlay?! #HELP
 ios10. My iMessage isn't working. SMS is fine. I've had to restart my phone 3 times already trying to get it to work
 now I'm getting this 

 Thanks for the response. Turns out my MacBook is too old for the upgrade. MacBook 2008 model (non aluminum) running Lion.
 what the heck give me my lock screen back??????
 IOS 10 .1 killed my iphone 5 ideas
 the latest one, it's a brand new 5K iMac. OSX 10.11.6. This is how same IMs look like. 
  very :(
I feel so violated by  - as of today a stranger has been receiving my iMessages since they upgraded to #iOS10TH 
 hey guys!whenre we going to have two schedule options in do not disturb mode to differentiate weekend and working days? Easy!
 And now this....again. 
 y'all are no help
   you mad?
 this suggestive text is really getting on my nerves.  
RT  iOS 10 is coming soon. Is your device compatible for the new update? 
 means flights airpods won't be possible, so big disadvantage for the  Use Bluetooth attempts against flight security
 !!!!!!!!!
Put some filters on FaceTime, put the chords back on the damn headphones, and fix the charger. Quit bullshittin  
RT  How come voicemail transcription doesn't work. Do I have to enable it somewhere?  #ios10
  just because I say something in all caps once doesn't mean I want to say it in all caps every time. 
 funny response, isn't it. Anyways you can see in this screenshot what my problem is. 
RT   We're here to help! We would suggest trying the steps in our article to maximize the most of your battery http
 is it safe to update to iOS 10
 - Updated my iPhone to 10 - Tried iPad and says I'm up to date with 9 ... 10 not out for iPad?
Why can't I get rid of the predictive text bar in #iMessage? #ios10 
 unfortunately apple store app is not listed there :(
 hi I've sent use a DM x
 iOS10 has ruined my phone.
 I've tried that. Everytime Y want to reset it asks for security questions or recovery email, don't have access to none.
Hey  It comes back when I click to connect? 
 is there anyway to get my songs  to go back  to being in alphabetical order by song  and NOT by artist ?  #iOS10 
  I'm hoping/praying that they will change it tomorrow , I'll be on the news if it doesn't come 
 fix the update
Phone is ruined thanks iOS 10 
Any iPhone people having battery issues after installing iOS 10? Mine is charging slowly and draining quickly 
 I just DMed you
Hi  the News widget says Couldn't load stories on iPad. App works just fine. Ideas?
 it seems iOS10 no longer allows for deleting all (TRASH ALL) emails in iCloud Mail? Is this a known issue?
   no but it's a suburb of Canberra. Perhaps the watch is a little lost
 ios 10 &amp; i set it &amp; it doesn't ring and it doesn't let me have multiple set at once
 &amp; im talking about this arrow pointing up! It doesn't pop up when I hold it! 
 and everything is very laggy. I even powered off my phone a few times but nothing is helping
  same here smh
 I've restarted it and I left it turned off for an hour and still says 9.3.5
 please answer my question. Why has it taken over 2 years to add an entire neighborhood? How can Google Maps have it but not ?
 Yes I sure do
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 can you clarify if iOS10 works with Ford Sync?
Anyone know how to stop  making its own album in Photos on iOS10? Driving me mad.  
  so far iOS 10 is awesome 
 iPhone 6. And no, no troubleshooting.
My Apple advisor was rude af. 
The worst update ever! Completely ruined the phone.  can't wait to swap to Samsung. Fucking shite  #iOS10
 take this damn water gun emoji off I need my revolver back
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 I don't like ios10 how do I revert back
 removed the gun emoji because so many people are overly sensitive pussies that complained because it hurt their feelings
 iPhone 6s! And this version! 
 is amazing. Thanks .However, I wished that you fixed the problem of the Islamic calendar. Today's date is 12 not 11.
#iOS10TH #ios10 More than an hour hav passed but d Home app is still loading on my iPhone 5s 
 Upgraded to iOS10 and now my 6Plus S won't charge. I've tried multiple lightning cables and hard reset. Can I go back to iOS9?
 please can you tell me how to change star ratings on the music app on the iPhone on #iOS10
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
  para cobrarme y para no pagar 10.000M a la UE, están mas listos...
 I have the new ios10 wanted 2 know are the video messages smaller in time now had an issue sending a min n half Vid 2 a friend
 I can't update my phone 
 happened with emoji, because they changed?
 yeah just iMessage, I can't 3D Touch the send button to have accessories pop up
RT   yeah ... till the home button stop working .
RT  #iOS10 un po' pieno di #bug  fate qualcosa
 And my phone itself keeps freezing, requiring a hard shutdown. Never had this issue before iOS 10. Anyone else?!?
 I DM you guys since I was told too.
Forever bitter we have two different camel emojis and not a single redhead. 
Me gustaría que   me dijese porque mi iPhone 5 no se enciende siquiera con cargador.
 new finger touch junk on messaging is dumb as shit. Let me disable it. You're better than this guys
  the app is gone
 OMG! This #iOS10   this texting is on point now! &amp; them effects are cute! NEED MORE! Love the flashing lights one! 
 I downloaded the update last night and tried to install it this morning. Ended up with this. 
 Restart didn't help. Unpairing and re-pairing watch did the trick.
 I can't backup my iphone cuz I forgot the security answers and I don't use the rescue email anymore, can u help me?
 I also didn't get the clown, sick emoji, lying emoji.... I'm missing SO many!!! What do I do?
RT  Problem after updated #iOS10:1. Battery life drain TOO fast!2. Phone gets hot while using or charging.  #unsatisfied
 why what is wrong? I rebooted the device, but the same!? 
 that was it! You so smart!!
  iOS 10 does have game centre
 downloaded watchos3 worked fine for day, but battery died now on charger but won't turn on, "snake" screen with green arrow
 this iPhone upgrade program is a shame! I have an iPhone since 07 and can't get any info on Space Black. Android is calling!
Now we wait  
  Bra I had to plug up to the laptop just to update cause my phone was on trash too
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
  yo thx 
A little stressed to try the update OTA again 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 and now it won't let me turn on post notifications for apps 
 ever since I updated, iMessage hasn't been working at all
 ios 10. its  two days now
  update it again with itunes. I have zero problems
 has watchOS 3 been released for uk/ie? Won't show up in my watch app
 el nuevo IOS 10 se come la batería más rápido que antes o es mi imaginación?
how do i stop it pls help 
 only Safari
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 i have to restart my iphone 6 that's on ios 10 every time that my messages won't send every hour. never happened before ios 10
After iOS 10 my iPad can't even find iPhone using Bluetooth, which I need for work. Sort it out,   #ios10 #apple
RT   We'd like to get to the bottom of this. What happens when you try to play your music? Are you getting any error
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 I do enjoy the new software update apart from the emojis. Is there anyway you will bring the old emojis back?
  get android.
RT  #IOS10 va fatal. Jodió la batería.  lo ha hecho fatal. Y no tengo cita en el Genius Bar hasta el 21S!   
 model is A1687 and iOS system is 9.3.5. I have the iPhone 6s Plus
 
Can't call, text or FaceTime anyone anymore, thanks  #iOS10
Help!   
 whoever u hired to create the new update and iPhone and emojis you need to fire. This looks like a freakin android ew
 Thank you but I managed to get it sorted through online forums with other users having the same issues.
 - a response to this would be much appreciated.
 i just figured it out!!! thanks though!!!
RT  DO NOT UPDATE YOUR PHONE. It's slow AF, burning my phone up, and depleting my battery like there's no tomorrow. look 
 can't update my Apple watch to watchOS3 .. I was on iOS 10 public beta ! Now have a GM for public beta users on
 updated my phone last night and it hasn't been the same. My apps have been crashing, text messages are not loading!
 Fixed it anyway lads
 I know y'all be busy cuz you late af. Hire me.
 furthermore i am unable to add fingerprints 
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 iPhone 6s+. I logged out of iMessage then logged back in and it worked. Reduce motion was also off. Working now.
 yes
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 I listen to music from my phone using the aux cord every day in my car. What am I supposed to do with an iPhone 7??!
 found article 5 is not supported for memories  
RT  . I'm from Philadelphia but my iPhone is from Colombia. 
What kind of nonsense is this? The little blue bar hasn't moved for hours   
Why won't my phone verify the app that I need???? 
 Tried erasing all content and restoring again. That is all I have tried
 should of recalled IOS 10 if there's an issue with it.
  ik tell is about it, I'm so disappointed
 my touch id has stopped working on 5s ever since updating to ios10Any suggestions ,?? 
 9.3.5. It also does not work on other people's phones
 already about to lose 16,000 photos because of IOS 10..not in the mood to be sat waiting for someone to help me
RT  #liveline #AppleTax Apparently the new Apple 6 will keep the doctor away    
 IOS10 is messing up my iMessage. Every ten minutes it freezes.
RT  I'm tired of y'all   Imma cop the new iPhone cuz my 6 starting to trip(go figure) but I'm tired! htt
 how is stupid this change? Hope whoever did this get fired soon
 okay doing now.
iOS 10 is so buggy. Won't send iMessages to my phone and won't let go into settings #help 
 iOS 10 has made iMessage crash and just not work, what do I do?
 5th gen iPod touch, iOS 9, iPhone 5c, iOS 10. Touch no longer supported. No options to go over.
   mae o yna, os ti'n gael problem dileu y Gymraeg yna ei ail osod.
 I connected to power and the device switched on at 20%. Has 20% become the new 0%?
  my messages is going white for a few mins then crashing and going back to homescreen x
 I'm unable to update my iPad mini. I've reset my iPad and settings yet it still says its up to date
I wish I never got the new #ios10 It fucking sucks! 
 get your shit together  
   Android ftw
 Both. I hold the send button and nothing happens. And when I receive them it says (sent with lasers) or whatever. But yes both
 is there a reason why all of a sudden i get update ios10 and now i can't reply to messages on lockscreen? 
RT  We need a waffle emoji!  #iOS10
 rented a movie by mistake, didnt started to watch. Can I cancel transaction ?
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
 yes, but as soon as I answer I can't. And also no sounds with notifications or alarms
I can't decide if I want the 7 or 7plusssss ! I need a release date for the plus appleeee ! 
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
 need to add 'song count' &amp; 'history' back to 'up next'    #AppleMusic  #iOS10
 will start my chat session in two minutes, ten minutes later im still waiting
  let me know what they say!! Is your messages app messing up as well?
   nes i ei diddymu, mae yna'n ail ymddangos yn y rhestr ieithoedd  ail osod ag awé
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 yes
  wow I have absolutely no problem with it... I love everything about it but the new sounds...
 nothing happens. It won't call anyone regardless of trying to
 Hey, can't update iPhone, update button wants to update iTunes software instead... help? 
RT  So many iOS 10 problems smh  , WE NEED ANSWERS  
 thanks! No error.. sent messages only get about halfway through the send bar at the top. Incoming go to iMac &amp; iPad, not phone
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 can I uninstall IOS10 and make it go the way it was &amp; my phone not to be ruined? .
 iTunes. Did a backup first and then while connected to iTunes kicked off the update.
 can't book it off the connect to iTunes screen. Tried everything. Connecting to pc will not work either
 no
 bring back the slide to unlock. It's already stored in my brain forever!!!!
 sometimes it doesnt open, when i press it just crashes
 my messages on my 6s have been constantly crashing ever since updating my phone
Where the hell is #timetravel in #WatchOS3 ??? I can't find it. It better not be gone that was one of the few good things!! 
Where's My Phone Option On The New iTunes Update  
  why does iOS 10 make my phone warm as fuck and makes everything run slower
 ever since the update my phone doesn't have service gotta keep restarting and turning it off!
It appears that Bluetooth and iPhone integration in my  broke with  iOS 10 upgrade
 You guys have literally made camera roll look like what it looks like on an android phone. Looks sooo cheap I hate it!
 can I get the previous iOS back...
 that's correct. Messages that go back a long time seem to have disappeared.
 Keyboard keeps freezing in all apps since upgrade to iOS 10. Even in NOTES.
RT  Donc #iOS10 ils m'ont pris pour un malvoyant  
 after I downloaded the iOS 10 and I hold home button to reset and the screen goes crazy for a few seconds. On iPhone and iPad
 Can we please have the option to have notifications show up on both iPhone and Watch at the same time?  Please and thank you!
 Any idea when it will be available ?!
You the real MVP   My iMessages are fixed 
 #iOS10TH When I activate the iCloud library in music and try to sort by artist, everything freezes on iPad; not on my iPhone.
 I GOT IT TO WORK THANKS
  it wasn't even charging tho, this was at like 2.15ish this after noon??
I've updated iOS and I can't receive bubble effect :( 
I hate unlocking my phone now when my hands are wet smh just let me swipe right to put my passcode, lads  #ios10
 It was restarted and checked. It's still unavailable.  the image: touching VPN option &amp; doesn't work 
 I figured it out. I had the 6 plus but I just plug it into the computer and did it through iTunes.
 this ios 10 update shitty as fuck
 thanks very much for your help!
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
RT   The most current version of iOS 10 is 10.0.1. If you no longer see the feedback assistant, then youre using the
 DM sent
#IOS10 va fatal. Jodió la batería.  lo ha hecho fatal. Y no tengo cita en el Genius Bar hasta el 21S!   
 why there isn't a 4G button ?
 the messages don't deliver, so i have to send them as text messages
 Since 4pm PDT yesterday
 it keeps saying there's and error and I tried deleting the update and downloading it again but it says error every time
 same thing wrong with mine it just says unable to download and when I try on iTunes it say Apple server not found
 right between Senegal and Seychelles. Serbia. Look it up. 
 apps stuck on waiting that's had to be deleted to make room how can't remove them or re download
 ever since this update my FaceTime only works with some people. 
Fuck your fucking ugly updates 
Wish I could check these   
  same man, it's so bad! I was sat in maths going my phones going to explode it's proper hot
  I've noticed my 6s has been running slow, glitchy and crashes often... How do I go about fixing this?
 It is obnoxious to have to 'agree' to a new agreement when all I am trying to do 'git checkout' #doesntjustwork #inconvenient
 I sorted it out. #genius 
 Too little too late guys. Happens every time there is an iOS update, my playlists randomly get messed up. Fixed manually again
RT  Ahhh nvm, I fixed it!!! I threw my iPhone in the Mississippi River and I'll be picking up a Samsung S7 tomorrow!!! 
 hello I still need help. Check dms.
RT   ive gotten this message 15 times 
  lol I had the beta for 3 months, I got used to all the nonesense that came with it- and you will too
 over the air
 There are problems in the new update.
  digital touch message is amazing 
 yes, they updated to iOS 10
 I have an iPhone 6s. If someone uses an effect it sends the content and a 2nd text that says "sent with ____"
 your update has made my bottom left corner of my phone brighter than any of the other screen
 it works now!
 iphone 5s
  are you still an apple chica? It's doing my head iiiiiiin xxx
 Thanks for your help.
  I was sat in maths and I thought my phone was gonna explode it was so hot, I could feel it on my leg
  bring back the #swipe to unlock your phone/go to the home screen!! Also,  crashes every time upon startup
 yes,everything works, the issue with the app failing are solved simply the extra features of the send button aren't working
 thank you I will do
 still having the same problems. I've restarted everything at least 3 times. Still telling me I'm up to date with v 2.2.2
.  fix iOS 10 you fucking autists
  your new iPhone will still have this shitty backwards update 
 yes I type in a message hold the blue arrow and nothing happens. Restarted my phone and everything
 thank you!
RT  This #iOS 10 update is a shambles. It keeps fucking my phone up!!  
 yes after ios10 update
WTF HAVE YOU DONE AND WHY WOULD YOU MAKE OUR EMOJIS LOOK LIKE ANDROID EMOJIS MIGHT AS WELL GO BUY A FUCKING GALAXY NOW 
wish you could turn Lyrics off in  in #iOS10, make it optional in a future update?  some are horribly wrong!
 it won't let me open AppStore so I can't exactly do hat
  you need to put recently played back into Apple Music
 but with each install (as admin) i receive a rollback when this services is being installed. 2/2
 so I upgrade to iOS 10 and my messages app keeps freezing ..
 does the microphone (earpods) work on playstation ?
Im stumped. How to I see song lyrics in the new Apple Music 
 since updating my settings my Facebook app can't be accessed is sitting with "wAiting" under the app and dulled out
 been trying to restore my phone after ios10 update.connected to iTunes. Won't restore. Error message
 can I get a user manual for iOS 10
  lol 
  add a new keyboard and select emoji
  I think Cardiff are in the bottom three no matter what phone you have! It isn't the update 
 sis respond
S/o to  for how supportive and responsive they have been during the troubles I had with my update.
 I just updated to iOS 10.
  where did the Game Center go  I can't find the Game Center in iOS 10
 get to work on a software update. IOS 10 is way to glitchy. Had to restart my phone 3 times in the first hr after updating.
 explain 
 6 Plus on charge enough storage iOS 9.3.1 been happening all day please help 
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
 still stuck ... Apple Mobile Device Support is the problem. Removed everything that has to do with iTunes. 1/2
 no it's all normal. the battery started draining faster when i updated.
 CHANGE THE EMOJIS BACK WHAT ARE YOU ANDROID?
 delete this account
Hey   any chance you could fix the music app so I don't have to click Artist EVERY TIME?! That'd be nice. Thanks.
RT   my iMessage keeps crashing. This update kuu except the iMessage part
hey  my invisible text doesn't work  it just doesn't bring up the effect option tried all the usual tricks and nothing! Help
 also, since I've downloaded iOS10, I haven't been sending/receiving all texts. Why is that?
 yeah... I still can't update. I have an iPhone six and have no clue what to do.
  sorry babes they're not listening, they're too busy packaging my iPhone7 to worry about you 
 I have some unauthorized transactions in my iTunes account
 i did it over wifi
  ugh same not sure how im supposed to get it on the 16th now?! 
 I see a lightning cable and an iTunes icon. I'm away from home there isno Apple Store or official retailer in my current area
 messages won't open and most of my apps crash immediately not can I call out to anyone because of all the crashing w/ apps
 I updated my iPhone 6 to iOS 10 and now I can't send text messages to non-iPhone users (Not Delivered error). Any solutions?
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
This #iOS 10 update is a shambles. It keeps fucking my phone up!!  
RT    fix the fucking problems with iOS 10 I'm mad asf and I'm loco don't test me
 yes I am, the following error each time!  
I'm so glad I had the transcript chat emailed to myself  I'm not happy.
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 i get no messages most of the time and my messages won't deliver
 my phone won't let me update the carrier settings, what do I do?
So many iOS 10 problems smh  , WE NEED ANSWERS  
 why 
 actually I'm good as of now, I haven't had any issues so far with the update.
  after getting the update almost all my pics and vids got deleted and I'm very upset. Is there a way to get hem back?
 as in just before it powers off to restart the screen gets really glitchy and then it reboots
Had a online chat with  about my phone then they scheduled a call that never happened. Customer Service at its best.
 quite a few! The pregnant lady and ALL of new food ones. I even did a complete backup and reinstall and still nothing. 
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
RT   We'll be happy to help. Does the screen show anything during startup at all or does it just appear to remain o
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
  Scorching hot, restarts by itself, apps freeze, iMessage doesn't open. They need to release a bug free iOS10! 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
I'm tired of y'all   Imma cop the new iPhone cuz my 6 starting to trip(go figure) but I'm tired! 
RT   We'll be happy to help. Does the screen show anything during startup at all or does it just appear to remain o
RT   We'll be happy to help. Does the screen show anything during startup at all or does it just appear to remain o
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
 , WE NEED ANSWERS  
 the other feature that would not work is the flashlight right?
why did apple have to ruin iphone emojis and texting??   
 yep it's disabled and always has been 
 I need help ios 10 messed up my messaging ugh
 yes it occurs before it powers off
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 ios10 and yes with all notifications
  not had that!?!
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 I figured it out but thank you tho.
RT   We'll be happy to help. Does the screen show anything during startup at all or does it just appear to remain o
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
 this was the worst fucking update you guys are a bunch of idiots how the fuck do i delete ios10? How did u get hired ????
 and this problem has been going on,it's not because I upgraded to iOS 10
 why is my imessage not working properly since i updated to ios10? absolute joke mine phone is practically broke
 So, the Withings Home is not supported by the Home Kit? I ask because it is pictured on your link, but not available to buy.
 Yeah... and it's awful
 please help
 all 5! And I was connected to my wifi at home. I've never experienced the problem before :\ I turned wifi off &amp;it didn't help
 no error messages or anything
  also - no Ginger Emojis!
 i dmed you
 
 -wifi point trying to connect to them all but it just doesn't
Smh  y'all doing too much  
 it is not, and has not ever, been enabled
 iPhone 6S
 thank you, I was able to fix it. As I was looking at others tweets, I saw the above link and Reduce Motion was On.
 I've already tried that doesn't work. its showing error 3004
 Big problems updating to iOS10 OTA. Got a prompt for me to connect to iTunes. I keep getting an Error 56 message. Help!
  type your text, hold down the blue send icon until another screen pops up
 it just has the ring showing like it's trying to connect, I've let it sit and done nothing &amp; it's just swapped between each-
 bring back the old emojis?
 I just updated to the latest one. I was able to update my phone (6s) to ios 10 but it still won't show up.
 IPhone 6,iOS 10,they giving me incorrect locations and they just do not show me the way anymore lol
  ios 10 is the worst update ive ever seen how do I delete and go back to ios9? I didnt pay for this bullshit. Fix up
Problem after updated #iOS10:1. Battery life drain TOO fast!2. Phone gets hot while using or charging.  #unsatisfied 
I love #iOS10 gotta admitMy special favorite is "Rise to Wake" it is genius and the keyboard type sound    #MuchLove
RT  Change the fucking gun cos im looking like some certified waterfight elitist suck your momma   http
 yo man why can't I download the new update y'all killin me

  will do.
 it's all fixed 
  ios 10 is what is going on with my phone
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
 I have an iPhone 5s and I'm TOO scared to update to iOS 10 because of all the problems people have been having 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 yes I am
RT  when you get iOS10 and your phone keeps freezing....... thx 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 Haven't tried yet, but charging via PC worked just fine before this iOS10 business, charged my pad in record time.
Hey guys, ( my special messages, invisible ink, balloons, etc, isn't working. Any idea how to get them to work? Thaaanks 
 iTunes on a Mac (el capitan). Just my library, not Apple Music. Thanks.
 :(
 it works now. It might have been I needed to update to iOS 10. And I did now it works fine.
 yes. it disappears when i zoom before take a photo
 may work - I'll try, not a long term solution tho. I've had the machine in at the Genius Bar 4 times, really need a solution
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
RT  Forget wireless headphones, I need wireless charging!! Make it happen   4th charger in a year!! http
RT   We'll be happy to help. Does the screen show anything during startup at all or does it just appear to remain o
RT   my iPhone 6 screen won't turn on anymore! I even tried charging it please help
 And the latest version of ITunes (version 12.2.2), too. Just checked
 Bonjour, gros problème pour les câbles certifié Apple d'une autre marque sous IOS 10 c'est très énervant
 I have an iPhone 5S with iOS 10. Yes I am able to take screenshots, but only those of Netflix turn black.
   That's normal. It's just one of the many features they're taking away.
RT   If you need further help, please feel free to DM us. We'll be happy to help if you need us. 
 on iphone 5s and i've restarted
 will he iOS 10 break my iPhone cause I wanna upgrade but would you recommend waiting
 i updated my iPhone to iOS 10. When i click organize music by song, music is still organized by artist. Is there way to fix?
 yes
   Restart and I'd recommend Reset on Network Settings afterwards
 just using it in general ie playing games etc
 no. I signed up to do it but I never actually downloaded any of the tests
RT  My iMessages are coming in 40+ minutes late  
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 Didnt help
 fuck you this update sucks
 in my iphone6 with iOS10 sometimes message and call bug.. how can I do?
My iMessages are coming in 40+ minutes late  
 I really don't the IOS 10 update. Why have the whatsapp smilies changed ? It's an iPhone software update not whatsapp update?
 
 as can you see at photo old state is cover by current state of status bar. It happen in full screen video from Safari. iOS 9+
  I've only had to reset my phone every hour on the hour today after update... #iOS10 keeps freezing up.
 WHERE ART THOU  
 I'm on a family one &amp; I asked my sister she said something had happened with it and they were supposed to re add me last night
 I have iphone 5s , I updated IOS 10 and does not work id touch me , what should I do?
BTW    #stevejobs THANK YOU FOR THE PHONE AND IOS10 ITS DOPE ASF
RT    bro my phone been freezing not letting me unlock it all type of shit i updated my phone to a dam
 I know &amp; the   account has a little blue check mark which we all know means it's real. #customersupport #badapple
 iOS 10 is diabolical you should be ashamed of yourselves
RT   Do you have a computer with iTunes on it? If so, you can follow this: 
   sum wasn't adding up
   if you have your messages on private just enter your password in and it'll let you
 please help me 
 first it wouldn't let me listen to music or download but now it's completely kicked me off and is asking me to rejoin
 I sent you guys a DM 5 hours ago 
 where is the uninstall option? 
 Thanks for the reply, I have a iPad Mini. Please don't tell me that it's not compatible with my device! I'll be so sad...
RT     I'm so dead 
 also home button notoriously easy to wear out, cynic in me says this change is designed to contribute to more $$ on new phones
  okay hold on
 it's a combination of both , I'd say it's about 70% of my music is gone?
 you for your support.It worked 
Wt..I want 'slide to unlock' back  #iOs10 
RT   Thanks for reaching out, we're here to help. DM us more info and we'll look into it together. 
Why is it always a 5 day wait to get an appointment at the Halifax Genius Bar  Brutal service once youre there too.
 I've sent you a DM &amp; had nothing back!!! 
 why my iPhone is still processing and I have to pick up on Friday well suppose?
Uh I still have IOS 9.3.5 and it says my software is up to date ?  
 sorted out the mess hours ago #upgradeblues
 This is all I see when tweeting Jetsetter App.Unable to open on Twitter since damn iOS10 update.Ideas? 
My God! How many bugs can I experience within 20 minutes of installing #iOS10 ?!?  you guys are going to be VERY busy. #yikes 
 my smart playlist works on my mac and on my phone the top shows the right cover art but not songs 
Hey  this is the current status of my iMessages. How do I fix this? #iOS10CC:  
 also my phone crashes and freezes when i open phone or text or safari
 is it safe to update to ios10 now or would you recommend waiting?
  Why can I buy a phone from the Apple Store with ATT Next but I can't buy an iPad with ATT next from the store?!
 hard reboots (lock + home button), lag still noticeable...splash screens of apps hang even though they've been opened before.
 my text messages are coming in an hour later after they are sent and they take 5 minutes to send
 Oddly, Siri now works only through my headphones.  But speakers work fine with other audio sources.  And thank you!
 I don't use apple music.
 Wi-fi. But I'm sure it's fixed. I have reset my phone and the connection is okay now
  I was subtle the first 27 tweets
 also my friend hates the new emojis with a passion
 iOS 10 has completely broken my phone. It won't even restore!
 ???
 thx Apple for IOS  10 update. U have taken away swipe on home screen  I keep trying to swipe now have to press home twice
RT   We'd like to help. DM us using the link below and let us know which apps this is occurring with. 
 yes any app placed in that location! Also on the 2nd, 3rd page and so on! Reset/restart didnt help unfortunately:(
 not loving this at all. Seems like a total step backwards. iPhones are all about the swipe!
 I woke up today to not receiving notifications on new texts. Doesn't show up as a red bubble or push. I have to open app. Help
 Florida, US
 the new iOS10 is awesome but there is one problem. When you go to messages to reply it covers up the last 4 messages
 Thanks!
  must not want my $8k ? maybe we should opt for Knox with  ?
 yes I was thank you
RT  Don't give us nothin else until we get those. Y'all on that bullshit.   
RT  Bonsoir   , je suis énormément déçue d'iOS10, agissez au plus vite pour rectifier ce drame, merci.
  just trying to look out for my friends; tho Apple has yet to chime in, bringing into question our relationship
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
RT  Change the fucking gun cos im looking like some certified waterfight elitist suck your momma   http
 ??? 
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
  the same happens for me too!!
RT  I pay too much money for my iPhones emojis to look like an android.  I'm never getting over this  .
RT  Change the fucking gun cos im looking like some certified waterfight elitist suck your momma   http
childish 
 this is what keeps coming up! 
 No, I don't .. Do I need to take it to the apple store?
 I'm trying to download the IOS 10. Is it normal for it to take so long to download
RT   We are here to help. What device and iOS are you using?
 iPod 5 &amp; iOS 9.3.5
 okay let me rephrase : my car was at less than 150mt as indicated on map but the app asked me to walk for 1 km away from it
everytime i click on my messages since ios 10 has came outthanks  and  !the real mvps 
  your dad humor is missed.
#iOS10   this update is terrible. I hate it so much. It won't let me get to my calls or texts or contacts:/
 Ok, and thanks for the great support.
iOS 10 is a mess. The music app is a mess that won't hide purchased music. Glad I switched.  
Help   
 iphone 6s
 I've tried that but the app doesn't show up on that list 
Bonsoir   , je suis énormément déçue d'iOS10, agissez au plus vite pour rectifier ce drame, merci.
my reduce motion has been off and i still can't see the imessage effects help 
 Okay thank you so much!
 is it safe to download it
 however I found notes online for manual install of mobile device driver and that fixed it. Thanks for responding 
RT   We can help you out! This article describes how to identify, and report phishing emails: 
 I have the latest version of OS X Lion, yes. Is it incompatible with iOS 10? Thanks.
 is the iOS 10 update will be available on iPad mini ?
 battery live low after iOS 10 update ????
 that worked. Thanks!
 Great, thanks. 
 my notification for WhatsApp aren't showing up since I updated to iOS 10 and the software needs more bugs fixes
 pleasd help
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
 thanks for the new ios10, like yes i love how my phone dies in 2 hrs, thanks !1!11!
  you'd have to contact Poo-M, I mean T-Mobile about that
 I did the iOS10 update and now my iMessages are failing to consistently send and I can't access messages in the settings app
Huh.  Anyone else noticing that their  account is getting locked out over and over again today?   any ideas?
 thx. It help me out.
RT   We're glad to see everything is working smoothly for you!  Please reach out in the future if you need assista
 Cannot load "Sedition" Art Works App since iOS10 or Tweet from "Jetsetter" App.Need update to rectify 
 It was fine until the iOS 10 update.
.Anyone else not receiving the Siri permission request after updating apps that support Siri?     #iOS10
 Phone language Arabic, , phone application,, when you save a new number.
 
RT   What is the exact error you're seeing on your iPhone? Let us know as we're happy to help.
 battery live low after update iOS 10
 
 Thank you so much
 it claims its downloading but it ends up not working and then I try it again and it doesn't work again. Any tips?
 3.5 GB
RT  Change the fucking gun cos im looking like some certified waterfight elitist suck your momma   http
 helllloooooo Apple
  try it when it's 50% sometimes it happens like that idk
TEM DEZ MINUTOS QUE TO TENTANDO ABRIR O APP DE TELEFONE E NÃO ABRE QUE CU 
RT  I pay too much money for my iPhones emojis to look like an android.  I'm never getting over this  .
 How come my Order status is still saying "Preparing for Shipment" For #iphone7plus I'm suppose to get it on Friday
 why is this emoji  blonde only. Now I can't use it
 explain why my MacBook pro disk drive decided to disappear. I didn't update it or anything
 am stuck at switching from GM to iOS10, I guess thats the reason. Tried to restore multiple times. Still 10.0.1.
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 Thank you :)
If ya'll hiring and need more ideas ... hmu      
 so I'm trying to update my phone with iOS 9.3.5 and when I hit install and then enter my password and agree to the terms.....
Change the fucking gun cos im looking like some certified waterfight elitist suck your momma   
  How can I update without losing Welsh as a chosen language?   
 Will I be able to use Lightning Earbuds with my iPod Nano?
 reply
 i tried restorig my iPhone 6s plus and update it to iOS 10.0.1 it says error (12) it failed
 even more, as I didn't unpair it with the iPhone before downgrade, it's locked to my account. It doesn't appear on iCloud web
 settings&gt;touchID&amp;passcode&gt;reguirepasscode&gt;*no options except immediately
My phone keeps heating up after I've got IOS 10 like even when it's sat doing nothing it's heating up like mad 
Does anyone know if the Apple Store will have jet black this Friday!  
 Hi. I'd plug in phone, get the allow or not pop up on phone, but iTunes wouldn't show it.
     mae Welsh wedi diflannu o'r rhestr "other languages".
 I don't have a computer
 thanks!!
   can't play it either...
 hi can you please tell me why since I've got #ios10 I can cook an egg on the back of my phone? New feature?
 messages and phone are the most buggy apps in #ios10 core functionality in a phone does not work properly in #Iphone
 not working and no back up.  is processing a replacement, but if my warranty had run out they said I was out of luck!
. my chat advisor ended the chat before I was finished 10 minutes ago and I still haven't been re/connected to another advisor
  we both want to complain we have agreed
 I already tried the turning phone off and on iTunes none of them worked
 answer my dm
Y won't my phone let me install IOS 10 u twats 
My iPad shut off wifi in settings by itself. Very frustrating!   any suggestions?
 iOS10 music app removed great features... namely star-ratings of songs and up-now history and "clear"  Big step backwards
 I can't receive animated iMessages with the new update .. what do I do
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 iOS 10 hasn't came to my phone yet :(
 um it still won't work. I have the update downloaded but the update itself won't install
RT   yeah ... till the home button stop working .
IOS 10 has got to be the worse update apple ever made 
 Yes, in the same place. The only change was iOS10
RT  REVERT THE EMOJI STYLE PLEASE 
   sort it
 having major issues with iMessage since I updated to iOS 10
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 I keep getting error 1671 , then i let the system download , and It can't be !!In the middle Error 9006 shows up ?!
 now with the iOS 10 it lasts about 4 hours without even major use. I tried all those tips from Apple website
 I don't know, probably every 5 minutes or so
 might be a good idea to train people to do their jobs correctly. Something so simple can't even be given the correct info 
 iPhone 6s
RT  These iPhone updates are traps for disasters 
 help me please I really want iOS 10 but it isn't installing it's just downloading
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 see below #iOS10  
RT  Dear  I want to gift a book to someone in another nation but my gifts are only valid in mine. Fix please
 no. All other features of iOS 10 are working except when I hold down the blue arrow nothing happens
  I have the same issue
RT  I pay too much money for my iPhones emojis to look like an android.  I'm never getting over this  .
  I am only getting ios 10 of it's possible to get  back
 i sure did
  mine is happening the same thing
I was trying updating my iPhone but suddenly the touch screen does not respond at all . I need help please 
 Iphone DESCARTÁVEL 1ano e 4meses de uso e para de funcionar e unica opção que e Apple dá é comprar novo com desconto INDGNADA
  I noticed my phone gets pretty hot too since the update.
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 ever since iOS 10 my battery doesn't last as long
 I live in Chile by the way, I heard to take it to an Apple store but here aren't any. I can't pair my Watch with my iPhone.
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 no, but I only really use Facebook and Snapchat
  NO. I'm talking about auto iOS downloads that nobody is able to turn off. Some people in rural don't have unl. data
Instead of making me wait 2 weeks to get my Jet Black iPhone 7. Apple should send it tomorrow as my early Birthday gift  
Can we get a bug fix update ASAP?   
 ce genre de bug n'est plus possible pour iOS 10 déjà qu'ily était sur la bêta s'il vous plaît réglé le 
REVERT THE EMOJI STYLE PLEASE 
 anyone else have the Ios10 download knock out their phone and messaging? Rest of IPhone is working
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
     Ah angen pwyso "done" a gadael iddo am funud neu ddau. Popeth yn iawn!
 hey can yu respond on this
 hi! How to downgrade to watchOS 2? My iPhone 5 is really slow on iOS 10 so I downgraded it to iOS 9, but I can't on my Watch.
 my iPhone is turning off all of suddenly after I updated the iOS 10
  Way to treat Apple Upgraders. 5 hrs on phone w/ apple &amp; no call back in 48 hours but emailed saying need 72 hrs more
 I've had to restart my phone 6 different times ever since I got the update because it will send and SMS and then it won't send
 Zelfs siri doet het tegenovergestelde van wat ik vraag :-) 
 version 9.3.5
 I am using 12.5.1.21. Tried a different cable,  different USB port, reboot but still no luck
 do you mean here? 
how do i reply to messages from my lock screen with ios10   
 thank you!!!
  why tf can't you organize notifications by app anymore 
  literally what I've been doing 
 on my 5s works fine. But on iPad can not be configured. On iOS9 was ok. Unlimited T-mobile data sim.
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
. | Updatet #iPhone to iOS 10 today.  #Cupertino, we've got a problem:The battery lasts only half as long now... |  #APPLE
I updated to iOS 10 and now my messages app is broken wtf 
Dear  I want to gift a book to someone in another nation but my gifts are only valid in mine. Fix please? Europe is like that
 Hi. I updated to 10.0.1 and I hate it. Can you please tell me how I go back to iOS 10. I have an IPhone 6S Plus. Thank you.
 still I did the update to OS10 my phone has been going off!! Thats going on?
Apple Music is soooo ugly now I want my money back 
 no dice 
     Na fi chwaith / Didn't work for me either
 is so bad. I've tried to sort out 6 things thats been up with my phone recently and they haven't been able to solve one
 Thank you! I just saw their tweet. It's them, not you. :-)
 thanks, but I fixed it by reinstalling my phone, I guess it was a bug because I upgraded from the beta or something
 Every Since My Phone Updated My Phone Will Not Charge .
  I love it
RT  Well done  My iPhone SE is now an expensive brick thanks to #iOS10 update #Bricked
 I tried that all day. Managed to do it by unpairing and re-pairing. Thanks for responding though 
 twitter. I've restarted my phone and I've deleted Twitter and reinstalled it.
   Hello Apple, there is a bug in the phone application when you save a number.
 WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH EMOJIS 
  why can't I see the effects on my iMessage??? I can send them, but not see them!! Reduce motion is off!! Please help!!
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
Hi    
  And the batteries ...
 when can I expect a reply to my DM?
Fix this   
 no
 Firstly thanks a lot for your quick answersI want to move many photos from my iPhone to my iPad. How ? (Easiest way)
 you had one job!!! Just one!! My phone is super slow now. Thanks! #iOS10
 some artists only show the mic photo - for no reason i can see -did every re-start of match, cloud 
RT  What if  did a better job with its cords and adaptors...this smells of #PlannedObsolescence!!! 
 give me watch OS 3 IM TIRED OF REFRESHING AND GETTING NO RESULT
 no, the others apps work perfectly
  how's the experience in iOS 10.
     Ddaru hwn ddim gweithio i fi.
 loving the new photo features on the update! I wish I could share the memory videos to social media/email though!!
 I see blue option for hotspot but after few seconds it says in gray "configure the hotspot" with T-mobile and stucks.
  haha!  it okay man.
 I have a mophie phone case would that be the problem? I don't think it is because I've had it for a year and this only started
 I have sorted it how would they know I had an iPhone ?
Apparently, you can only do it via Siri. Say "rate this song 5 stars", etc. Not great  
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 thanks
 no it does not, I even did a hard reset and nothing
Eita,   , atualizei meu IOS e agora minhas notas não funcionam, fecham repentinamente. O que eu faço?
RT   There's certain built-in apps that can be removed. Click here to see which ones: 
 Could I pick up an iPhone 7 at my local Apple Store on Friday? Or do I have to wait a couple weeks
Big iOS update  but still no Welsh Flag?  run a story on it!
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 thanks for dming me back and helping me with my problem... not.
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 does apple's sales live chat still work?
 Thanks.
 No. It said Connection offline when I tried using outlook app
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 No need for me to spend the time helping you with a problem you can easily test yourself.  I have an iPhone 6 by the way.
 iPhone 6, although after doing some research I hope that went I install the new version of iOS tonight that will fix it.
  i just want to get a damn phone. Had I known Apple would have so many issues w/their lease I would have gone ATT
RT  WHY DID THE KEYBOARD AND LOCKSCREEN SOUNDS CHANGE!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT  
 After the new update iOS 10.01 the Apps that temporary removed won't open or delete ! Pls help Thanks.
          
  make it happen
  they should have said that I was well excited
Would this be the problem? ATT system doesn't recognize I have a device nor a phone   #help 
   where is that option?! I can't see it 
RT  #Ios10 Got Single Parent Emojis ... But What About 3Way FaceTime Calls   ?
RT   
 when I go onto the messages app it's just a plain white page for a few minutes then it crashes and goes back onto homescreen??
 hey  just advise her to upgrade to a new phone. More monies for you, cooler phone for her. Everyone wins.
 here's what I get every time I try to do it  
 thank u!!!!!
RT   please explain to me how I'm supposed to be hard on twitter nd in text with a water gun  #iO10
  lol
 nope, no error number and I backed up my phone this afternoon
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
  oh dam ok
  :()
 thanks for getting back.  went to apple shop. Sorted so far.
 whenever my friends react to messages it gets sent as a text instead of the bubbles popping up 
Hi  ,this kind of biased sensational 'news' is embarrassing. How do I switch off Siri News Suggestions? 
 yes several times. i deleted most of my music + apps to free up space but it didn't help
 this is what I see. I've also tried restarting my phone but that didn't work. 
 i can set alarms but they don't go off
. offers hold  choices. I pressed 1 "Modern" &amp; got "Pump Up The Volume" from 1987 when this was a Mac: 
Just found out I should tweet  about #ios10... It's horrible.
 i'm using a iphone 6 plus and yes im able to receive the other text animations and im able to send them as well
 I've got watch os3 and you have got rid of the digital touch? Or can I just not find it? And the watch friends wheel?
  it only supports iPhone 6s/6s Plus &amp; new iPhone 7
  time to upgrade :-)
    agreed, maybe it wouldn't look so bad if the font was allowed to be smaller.
 noooope
These iPhone updates are traps for disasters 
 What else can i do?
 why are none of my messages sending ???
 I'm not receiving messages at the time they were sent and my messages aren't sending
 the verification code is being sent to that number as a trusted device, but i dont have that device or number anymore.
When you try to get your phone fixed and they just make it worse.... thanks 
 Yes. I have restarted my phone and still no good.
 it says it's up to date at version 2.2.2
 change the emojis back NOW
 and if you're not? iPhone 6
   Help!!! Wtf is this?! I can't get my album to show or download... 
 my phone is over heating. My messages and phone aren't working with the new update
 THANK YOUUUUUUUUUU
   we get it
RT  Like iOS 10 is so glitchy, my phone crashes whenever I try to open up my messages or call someone. Good job 
 already answerd
  I'm trying to update from my iPad in settings in Software
   I'm so dead 
 I have passes the itunes and charger being on the screen, but my old number is still associated with my icloud
 the last one. #ios10
iOs 10 is so sloooow. iMsg keeps on hanging &amp; I'm not receiving noti on whatsapp  please check and update. 
 how about dont release a fucking update until youre sure it oh um works a little bit maybe
 where has Welsh Lang option gone on ios10? Restore it please
  yea sep 13 ios10 for the iPhone and watch os3 was released to the public but my watch is stuck on 2.2.2 up to date
 
 When will SIM-Free version of iPhone 7 be available in US?
 or maybe someone could let me know why my messaging app keeps crashing and wont let me send messages that would be fantastic
 Apple's technical support are always so friendly! 3 hours of live chat later and I'm afraid the effect is nullified.
 no worries 
 i want the guy who came up with this fucking update fired
  Willis, 
 #Siri works with #iOS10 on #iPhone5s but did not receive the new entry. #3DTouch just will not work on iPhone5s.
iOS10.1 needs to drop Friday. I want old emojis back.    
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 no. It doesn't even play the default "tweet" sound. It plays the default apple sound. Not a new problem, present in iOS9 also.
    I had to go into settings, general, language then drag cymraeg back above saesneg
 ios10 fucking sucks. Wyd?
 there were some gucci mane records, young thug, krovostok... you know...
 a white screen like it's trying to load and then it just closes and doesn't work until I restart my phone
Change this stupid fucking notif thing   
    merci de m'avoir bloqué mon téléphone avec votre fdp de mise à jour de IOS10 ramenez moi un nouvel iphone
RT  Apple please change the keyboard , I'm not updating it till you change it  ( 3a kaifi)  
 iPhone6,my messages work for about 20 minutes then the screen goes white and crashes and doesn't work unless I reset my phone
. Is there any way to enable slide to unclok on #iOS10 ? I hate the new action to unlock the iPhone 
RT  Not updating to iOS 10 bc the Apple Music app looks awful fix it   
 What have you done?! #iOS10
  may I say I loooove this typing tone. It's like a bird pecking away at every touch.
anyone use this scribble stuff on  ?  api seems cool - and beta was ok
 Over 2 hours to upgrade watchOS3???? Ugh.....
 Ever Since iOS10 Update I've Been Having Problems Sending Messages by iMessage, Have To Keep Restarting Ma iPhone. Please Help
 my messages keep crashing when trying to open message app after update
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
 why 5 hours to update my Apple Watch 
 That is I used loads of data to finalise, I had backed up so no loss of data on phone although having to re-addbooks etc.
MATTCares  didn't have apple issues traveling all over the world until yesterday!  Need a working w/ CR SIM card. Workitoutppl
My iPhone dose not wake when I pick it up??  #ios10
  how do I stop predictive texting? It give me a head ache when I use my apps
  My battery life sucks too since #iOS10
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 Well, having the option to unlock the phone with the "slide" instead of the Home button. Just a few details like that.
 Thank You Guys For Responding To My Tweets! Keep Up The Good Work!!! 
 Next time I won't update as soon as os is available just in case. Lost 12 hours and loads of data (around 18 GB) to finalise!
 i just logged out and sign in again...
 when will ios 10.01 come out?
MATTCares  in Costa Rica. Pls fix issues can't use expensive phone.if not I'll choose both diff carrier &amp; phone system
 since i upgraded to the lastest OS, I have been having problems with my control center (flashlight and others). Please resolve
 now the watch update is not working properly
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
 what is this childish bullshit   this is ridiculous and getting out of control
 why do you have no Genius Bar appointments in London for a week?
 DM me back right now I need help
RT   how is this any different than using Touch ID
 DM ME BACK
 will that delete my message history? Any other effects?
 restored for 5th time via different computer with old iTunes to 9.3.5, then did 10 over the air and at last it worked. 1/2
  so when do you reckon you'll get it up and working can't wait to see video
 it works now
  it's fineeee:)
 my iPhone which I have just updated has been at 100% for around 20-25 minutes, is that bad?
 thanks so much!
 a tué mon iPhone. Merci iOS 10. 
 they show up but don't always work. Same with some words that change to emojis
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
So the  ios10 update has deleted all my keyboard shortcuts? Remember when they focused on attention to detail 
  les srab j'ai pas payer un iphone 700balle pour avoir des emojis Samsung
 I don't want to leave a rating for them, this is a problem with the STORE and possibly the approval process.
  same model &amp; problem here!
 i had backup my iPhone at 7/26/2016. and I'll backup my device tomorrow. will iTunes overwrite my backup stored? tks
 is 8:57 on 14/9/16 
 cheers brill thanks ;)
 how do I go back 2 iOS9As I cannot highlight text on website so it will read them back 2me annoying especially being dyslexic
MATTCares  paid in full iphone6+ replaced w/apple care 2wks ago. Sim locked. Apple says unlocked but must be att SIM problem
 It's hooked up to a PC for þ sake of þ iOS10 update via iTunes. It charges my iPhone just fine.
 That was absurdly unhelpful. I'm not going to download 6 games to complain they're mis-categorized BY YOU.
Please bring back the old emojis #ios10  
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
Hey,  how soon can you guys fix the update because my messages, phone, and Facetime don't work anymore. 
Yo  how do I go back to the IOS 9 cause I'm really not feeling the 10.
. Is it also a new "feature" that the off button doesn't work? Pressing doesn't work, holding still powers off completely.
So i got iOS 10 and my messaging effects wont work....   
 Iphone 6.... i think it's version 9.3.5 or something?
 you messed up my phone with iOS10
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
 9.3.5, yes i'm a subscriber and my tunes were lost
I hope the next iOS 10 update brings back the swipe to unlock feature!  
 My invisible text or any of the cool text features aren't working ... I can't receive or send it 
Glitch in ios 10    
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
 my IMessage not working fix this
  get a new one. :(
 my phone gets super hot and then iMessage crashes so I won't receive messages until I reboot phone
 Aight! check your dm!
 verify my updated please thanks it keeps saying an error occurred but I don't know what the error is?? 
 
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
  we understand babe xx
Hey    I'll trade my current grenade Note 7 TODAY if I can bypass the wait time for the iPhone 7 
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
RT  I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappoin
I'm so sorry to disappoint you but there won't be any video up tonight because of my Mac again...getting really disappointed 
Gone from 2 hrs, to 3, to 1 day, and now 17 hours since 10 am this morning Get ur  together,   
 Iphone6 DESCARTÁVEL parou de funcionar em 1ano e 4meses, e a unica solucao é desconto para aquisição de um novo.. lamentável
 installed ios 10.0.1 today and its freezing my iphone 6! Cant go to msg app or even cant go to phone app to call any number!
 Hi! Im a 13year old boy from finland and i like apple very much but now when the ios10 came out the new emojis are so bad
 i updated to ios10 and now when i open messages this is what i see why?! 
RT  Dear  sucksThat is all
RT   Do you have a computer with iTunes on it? If so, you can follow this: 
 or do you think he doesn't like me
 my iMessage keeps crashing. This update kuu except the iMessage part
 I meant sending them LOL When I try and long press the send button, there's supposed to be a popup menu? but nothing happens 
 Noooooo, worst thing ever! You remember butt dialing? Having swipe made sure u wanted to access phone!
I like to DM  to help me fix my problems w my phone lol
 please fix my messaging app. Thank you
RT   Do you have a computer with iTunes on it? If so, you can follow this: 
 done!
 should I send him a letter explaining it
 Ok I have DM'd you again
So yeah. I want it off my phone #ios10sucks    
 When it gets on after that it works properly, it gets on in jiffy. But after some hours if I start it again, it same.
  What happens with gmail and #ios10 ?? Solution the #bug please!!!!  
WHAT THE FUCK IS UP WITH YOUR ANDROID WANNABE EMOJIS?   another reason not to download iOS 10. 
 Over the air. Thanks!Another issue that I am having is that the alarm background hurts my eyes &amp; can't hear the alarm.
 apple your new screen lock feature is wayyy badly done, the bubble texts are lame as well!!
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 have you noticed there are security gaps in iOS 10? Just by tapping on the notifications you open the message, app in question
 change the emojis back and the keyboard clicks ew
 so my iMessage is saying activation unsuccessful but it was working yesterday. Slide in your boy's dms with help nuh 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
  and I just updated to iOS10 or whatever you're trying to tell me is going to make this block work more efficiently.
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 what if my crush is trying to text me but I'm not getting them? what should I do
RT  We need a waffle emoji!  #iOS10
 why is my phone flickering, i updated it (ios10) and my imessage often crashes and doesnt work
 I can't text anyone please fix
 I updated my phone, plugged in to iTunes it told me update was corrupt and I've lost all my music
   The Music app does the same thing (even with app closed), but it shows the album artwork in the center.
 so when are y'all gonna add read receipts feature in group chats? 
The new home button process is unbearingly annoying eh  Often finger sensor doesn't unlock phone like it used to.
 no it's just generally slow now.. emails take awhile to load.. snapchat and Facebook are extremely slow.. texts too.
RT  Can Somebody Ask   How I'm Suppose To Be Gangster With This Toy Gun  This #iOS10update  Gotta Chill
Hey  my phone keeps dying before it even hits below 10% battery. Died in the middle of the new video from  Not cool.
RT  Can Somebody Ask   How I'm Suppose To Be Gangster With This Toy Gun  This #iOS10update  Gotta Chill
  updated #ios10 but still no #Wales #flag #emoji 
  haha funny Joe  *nervously laughs*
 yo my messages keep crashing. I have to reboot my phone every 30 mins.
  cryin
. if I get iOS 10 will I lose my background 
 When I start my camera after 2-3 Hours of interval it gets on after  5-7 seconds. #SupportPlease
 why isn't imessage working properly after the ios 10 update ?
  Thats a great question.  Im betting just the phone, but hope for an answer before my Friday appt.
  bro my phone been freezing not letting me unlock it all type of shit i updated my phone to a damn android wtf 
  
  how much to fix a iphone 5s charging port
 IOS10 not a fan
 thx - now its ok :)
 Wifi has been a mess for iOS 10 under all betas and gm release for iPhone 6s Plus. iOS 9.3 no issues. 
why no skin tones on the family emojis  ?
Alguien me explica xq es una pesadilla desbloquear el tlf ahora?? #IOS10  
RT   
 Hi! Im currently updating my iPad 4 and it was going so smoothly, but now it's stuck with a tiny sliver to go. Is this normal?
RT   We're here to help. What iOS version are you using? (Settings &gt; General &gt; About) Are you an Apple Music subscr
  "hot pornography gifs"
 thanks , the problem is solved
 help me, look what happend... 
 #iOS10 having trouble replying, mark as read, archiving from lock screen. Only getting the option to view or clear. Any ideas?
 have done! Thank you
RT  Son these emojis look so weird but fire  I'm waiting on the 3 way FaceTime 
   
 too late, I contacted apple support and I had to restore my whole phone
 I have it now. thanks for the help. :)
 
 My 'favourites' smart playlist (liked songs) in Apple Music crashes the app on iPad (iOS 10). Works fine on iPhone.
I have to turn my phone on and off to get any text messages.. this iOS update is the worst 
 I turned the phone off and then back on. Had to do that twice, seem to fix it.
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 how do we report an iphone app on  ?
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 please understand we are not petitioning you as gods. We are customers who got sold bum products. Teach geniuses civility pls
 I'm going to DM you so I'm not limited to 140 characters
Dear  sucksThat is all
 Is there anyway you could make the FoxSoccer2Go app available on AppleTV please? I'd love to watch the UCL on my TV
 I don't have iTunes. I don't have access either. My only option would be to restore via iCloud.
Alguien que se haya descargado #ios10 y tenga problema con la App Notas? Se cierra sola en cuanto entras. Sres. de  qué hago?
 i dont see any keyboard.. 
 - iPad shutting itself down. Getting error message when I try to restore w iTunes. (Pic) Advice? 
 yes, I've contacted your chat agents &amp; they are working on the next solution
 just making sure again but can I update to #iOS10 safely on my iPhone 6s now?
 How Can I fix that ?
 what can I do ?
 nvM i just found out
  my phone has been on this for two and a half hours ???? Any suggestions 
  better make Neva soon BC you have the answers to my study guide I need to turn in 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 my iPhone stopped on iTunes logo from yesterday , I tried to make the update or restore via iTunes , it doesn't work ! 
Son these emojis look so weird but fire  I'm waiting on the 3 way FaceTime 
Love the new iOS.. well done  you have officially done something useful since the iPhone 3GS!
 had to restart my phone 5 times to get iMessage working and now everything has froze on me
  with out pressing the home button?
 we were promised a shark emoji! Where is it? Binch don't test me!
RT  I demand the gun emoji be back on my keyboard right now. #SecondAmendment  
Can we please get a notification center switch for Low Battery power mode 
 I also can't click on "messages" on setting because it also crashes
no fuck you   your emojis are ugly they look like android emojis with this new IOS10 update i hate you
 Can't make any purchases since iOS 10. On family sharing and stuck in a loop of confirming 3 digits on back of card. 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
  I'm realizing now that I have more pictures of myself than anyone else, but none that I like. :/
 after the ios 10 update, imessages won't work and i have to restart my phone multiple times because the app crashed
  you just pull the screen down..... 
 I update my debit card info and get charged 13 dollars? Since when did it cost to update information
  when you plan on coming back to math
Hum.. Why ?  
Love iOS 10 but I was really wishing for red headed emojis... like there is everything else... what bout us???  
 ANSWER DM OMFG
  mystic meg would have more luck predicting it!
 my device
 how to downgrade from ios 10 to ios 9
WHY DID THE KEYBOARD AND LOCKSCREEN SOUNDS CHANGE!!!!!!!!!!!! FIX IT  
Ei  cria logo uma outra atualização porque a bateria tá acabando muito rápido com esse #iOS10
   oh i would be so mad haha
 Hey, i'm needing help. I updated my phone to IOS10 and i cant reply to texts from my lock screen now, the swipe doesn't work.
    
 message app doesn't open sometimes unless i reset my phone / not receiving messages because of it
  mostly because you usually can't upgrade android until carrier / oem updates their bloat ware
RT  Waiting for  to bring out a new update that stops my phone from overheating and iMessage crashing pls n thank
 Why isn't there a way to disable wifi calling while in airplane mode and connected to wifi?
 if I'm searching iMessage, it's likely that I'll want a "next" button for the next instance of my search value. Please resolve
 i am unable to send iMessage for one contact only even both of us enabled iMessage in our settings can yu help me out
  i try to download ios10 and crash, i try to restore from itunes and get me a 9006 error.. my itunes is updated.. please help
  dear phone, how much battery I got  23% no 1% no 14% no I don't know I'm off!!!
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 it seems to have fixed itself now. Thanks anyways
#GunVote   Please bring back the gun. What's this fake ass crap?! #emoji
Fuck off 
 it's working now, thank you anyway 
 why aren't my iMessages sending? I have to keep re starting my phone.
 it says "Loading error. Please reload the page." sometimes and others just won't load and no message comes up.
 they are now. I just didn't expect them to take more than 8 hours to download over a 80mb down connection. Slow and steady now
 pls DM me back!!
 it won't update lol. It keeps giving me an error. Or saying something about the Internet and I've tried on different networks
  having the same issue with overheating phone. Please help!
  and when connected to iTunes... It tells me it will update to 9.5.3 which is what I currently have already
 I send a message and it works perfectly thanks
 why are is my message app like this :)) 
    Yes don't update it
 it's only the screen effects when receiving. It shows "sent with balloons" etc instead.
 Hi, I'm actually on the ios10 and I would like to  return in ios 9.3.5 how can I do it? Thanks
  same here
Sucks that you can't text directly from the notification center in iOS 10  
 i wasted 3 hours trying to update and got nothing.
  this is exactly what mines doing
 my friends phone crashed from ios10 can mine do the same?
 but it's not an ideal solution because I had to reinstall everything from scratch. Thx anyway, maybe that'll help someone else
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 Still waiting to get assistance.
  ...we can help you out! *ReezyL 2/2
  Uh oh! We want to make sure you can enjoy all the awesome features of IOS 10 with no issues. Send us a DM and... 1/2
 why I can't access to my iCloud account in your iOS app? 
 Ever Since iOS10 Update I've Been Having Problems Sending Messages by iMessage, Have To Keep Restarting Ma iPhone. NOTGOOD !!!
 answer my dms.
  I dont know anyone who doesnt suffer from this 
 how do I remove songs on iCloud from my iPhone with iOS10? Only want synced music on there! Stop telling me what I want!
 Why are my ear jacks defective on my refurbished 5S? And why must I wait another hour and a half to find out?
 uh yeah it still didn't work.
 answer. my. dms. please.
  its been a while so its hard to remember. Do you remember when everyone would rush to get the new phone - no more!
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 check dms. It's urgent.
 tried that already
  follow back
my phone has been slower/glitchy since updating.. i have 7gb free will yall fix this 
  Can you reproduce it in the Music app?  may need to update their app to support the new tvOS.
    I'm gonna stay on iOS 9 because it's terrible
    ask these man
 my bubble texts will not work. It's not because of reduce motion on because it's off. I can send them but not receive them.
  I've been experiencing service outages all day today since I updated to #ios10. Have to restart phone for service
 answer my dms PLEASE.
 How do I repeat music in Apple Music?
 hi it's a iPhone 6s and I don't subscribe to Apple Music but whole albums are no longer on my phone since I done the update
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 iOS 10 and yeah it'll let me send messages for while but then it'll just stop sending half way and I'll have to reset my phone
    it's so horrible I almost cried
 iOS 10 won't download onto my phone? I've tried numerous times and it just says that there's been an error
 yes and yes. This is what I get everytime I try to set up a new touch ID 
  Problem isn't with sending, it's with receiving. Receiving only works with "congratulations or happy bday" not as an add on.
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
The new 2-step email folder filing process on iOS 10 is #superannoying  Why change to *less efficient* method for email filing?
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 I need 1 call on genius bar in São Paulo and is impossible schedule at site,this always crowded.It is a mobile exchange
 when does the iPhone 7 release
 6s plus, slingplayer did release a update yesterday
Has anyone else found Siri unresponsive since the iOS 9.3.5 update?  She just won't talk to me anymore, especially on iMaps. 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
ran the latest iOS update on my iPhone 6 and now it won't import photos to iPhoto, OS is up to date as well including iTunes 
  please bring back the notification sorting and please, make an update that doesn't kill your battery
 Then, like I said, it comes to the end and says, "update cannot be verified because you are not connected to the internet"
 HELLO. I NEED URGENT HELP. PLEASE CHECK DMS.
 fix these emojis young
y'all really have to fix this issue where songs just get deleted off my phone  i can't listen to albums all the way through 
i love IOS 10  
It took me way too long to figure out how to unlock my phone again... I don't like this update. 
 It's an iPhone SE. It was a blank page, with a wheel, saying "loading content and devices". I wiped the phone &amp; now it works.
 thank you!
RT   WHY WONT YALL LET ME UPDATE MY PHONE I TRIED LIKE 32595042 TIMES
 I know it's a big update, but it's taken 2 hours now just to get to this point... 
  this 
 iPhone, iPad, MacBook Pro, and Web :) All on latest software.
   ya home girl's phone is stuck on the 'connect to itunes screen. help a sista out here
Dear  is this some kind of a joke and I'm just not getting it? #iTunes #AppleMusic 
RT  Txting  about how my iTunes won't play his bands Movie lol DAMNIT HELP ME 
.  's brilliant solution 2 faulty #crapple #macbookpro don't use iCloud or Time Machine Thx  
 i updated my phone to IOS 10 and now i cant charge my phone at all i have tried 4 diferent chargers and none of them work help
 thanks! But I connected the watch to charger and then the installation worked. Thanks again! 
 it worked! Thank you!
 but i dont
Me sacaron los fondos de pantalla de las plumas, a mí me gustaban #iOS10  
 I've just DM you explaining what happened.
 help me omg
 your new update has completely messed up my phone and now I cannot use it
 it's 10.0.1, final release. The described problem is still present since beta.
 Did you know IOS 10 breaks embedded images in e-mails?  Looks like its pulling something from cache it shouldnt.
  
 thanks for replying after the phone is fixed
 not related to my issue but was wondering how to enable transcript for iOS 10 voicemail?
 yes, as making a phone call, opening Messenger from Facebook and Facebook itself. Been disconnecting quite often too.
 I tried other email apps and all is working fine. I dont understand why Apple mail app doesnt work anymore since the update
 I think it is because my iPhone needs to load some update. Its over now. Thnx for helping
 iPhone 6. Yes I do have a backup.
 
 the new iTunes update (Windows) won't recognise any of my Apple devices and I need help thanks
 This keeps showing up as i want to update to iOS 10 
 Public release. I have the same issue on my iPad Pro.
  Ideally, your original #FCPX project will relink to the newly imported media, and you can try to export from there.
 No, I tried deleting the messenger app in the iPhone but still not working 
 my messages app keeps crashing everytime i open it
  hiya I can't seem to update the ios10. This is the first time this is happening. 
 it says I have to enable full access, but it says it's already enabled. I've tried redownloading it and it didn't help :-(
  PLEASE release I fix for iOS 10's horrible voicemail issues. It's nearly impossible to use my phone for work.
 This was done using Shuffle w/o repeat. Happens regardless of the song. Happens intermittently/can't currently find a pattern.
 
 Hello for some reason in IOS10 the notes app keeps force closing any ideas?
 iOS 10 is a step back. What a joke this update is!
having major problems with iOS 10 not loading messages, I'm having to turn off and hard reset my phone almost CONSTANTLY  
 I am already running 12.5.1.24, which matches the version the link. I updated iTunes prior to the iOS 10 update Still no work
 yes, have rebooted a half dozen times.
Can I get back to iOS 9?
 It doesn't respond... Open the app and get all white
 tried iTunes as soon as I got home, all sorted now 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
I would like the old #apple design back  ! Looks more like android than apple ! #iOS10 #iphoneupdate #slidetounlock
RT  Updated my iPhone6 to iOS 10 and now the wireless communication is borked up. Wifi and cellular speeds are extremely slow. Wt
 my iMessage games aren't working
 Hi, I called Apple Support # &amp; it's all settled now, it did take a few hours to get it sorted out!  LOL, ty though!
 done x
where my update 
 Thanks, but my question was: How do I hang up on a conversation without having to unlock the screen? (It locks during talk)
 ios 10 is so glitchy. i can't even text people back or even open my texts.
 Just tried it when I had the rainbow ball of death for 5 minutes. I'll reach out again if the problem persists.
RT  Pure love it when  bricks ur  
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
RT   Let's take a further look into this, DM us to continue. 
 how do I clear an up next playlist now? This is one big mess now! I genuinely think Apple hates music! 
 updated iTunes before attempting to download iOS 10, and now iTunes won't recognize my phone to back it up. ???
 any plans soon to update iOS10 on iPhone SE for the 3D Touch?
  will i have to start from scratch?
 i like my old lock sound
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
Preorder iphone7+ on the 9th today   send an email remembering me that I've to wait until 10/10/16 Thanks  #Apple
 it says my messages aren't sending and then im receiving them like an hour after the person sent them
   i have a dep already thru vzw i just want to add apple for Wi-Fi devices.
 Thank You I will DM info now
 are Apple therefore taking the blame? We were told we had ordered in time and would receive on release 
 Earlier version of iOS let me tap the 3 dots next to an artist and download every song to my phone. Still possible?
 DM sent. Thank you!
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 bring back the old emojis !!
 yes have tried everything. It's not giving me an option. 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
Yo  why doesn't my clock app work with iOS 10? I'm just trying to wake up on time and not burn my tater tots
 Can someone PLEASE help me with case #100020873135. It's been more than 48 hours and I want this issue solved please.
 why did you change it from the first place please fix this problem in the next update
 negative 
 iPhone 6s, iOS 10
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 hi yes please fix the glitches on the new update
 Þ very same. When I unplug it, it does show more battery life, but charges slowly while saying "not charging".
 in the up next in the music app, I can no longer edit the queue.IOS9 had this. I have an iPhone SE. 
 IOS 10 broke my phone can I have a refund?
 can I download iOS 10 safely over the air? Or do I still have to connect my iPhone/iPad with a computer?
Ios10 fucked my phone up  i cant open none of my apps or send messages get a update to fix this..
  wasn't expecting that reply but hey ho
 hello, I need help, iOS10 has ruined my phone, check dms please
  1) start playing music from 3rd party app (such as Soma FM). 2) Leave app open. 3) White screen in &lt;2 mins.
 also on iTunes it won't even find my device since I updated iTunes.. This all is annoying
WHEN WILL I GET #iOS10 FFS  
 Hi Team,  I tried everything possible but still m unable to export the project from iMovie..  M very much annoyed :(
Why hasn't my iPhone scheduled for delivery September 16th shipped yet??  
  cos your phones fucking shit
 other method?
I still don't have the iOS10 update on my 6 plus   
 10.0.1. Updated from public beta last week.
  Waiting For a Reply...
Hey  an iPhone Upgrade Program user, do I return only the phone, or do you need cables, etc? 
 Triying to send iMessage with invisible ink and the other effects
  connect to itunes screen wont go away after trying to updating my phone. what i do
 help
 no mine still says this crap 
 can you help, why does itunes say i have space on my iphone and my iphone say i have no space left? the difference is 5GB
Ummmm this update is fucking up my life  
  battery wear level is showing 16% and average what does it mean it's normal or bad. Total Charg cycle 550 +
 hey Apple, do you not already think I've already tried to restore my phone- You people are jokes!!!
 dms please
 It happens with my Gmail or Yahoo accounts. I received a pop up with a smtp error. Emails are stuck in the sending folder
why can't i use my bitmoji!?   
 wifi!
 Thanks so much but I was wondering about the Predictive Emoji's shows suggested text and emoji. not working
 no, there is no external damage
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
RT  iOS 10 is coming soon. Is your device compatible for the new update? 
 why is my phone extremely hot?
 I managed to save the day by putting iphone into DFU mode and still took 2 attempts. Nothing else worked 
 , I see that watch OS 3 is released. I am on the public IOS10 beta. My iPhone 6s is at 10.0.1. I do not see the update.
 Thank god IOS10 broke my front camara! Never liked it anyway... worst update by far
 I need help
  I want to buy 11 ipads for 3 weeks and i keep getting the run around. I just need a DEP number HELP! 
 Then start again download 1,86GB again and over 800MB iphone again turn off and on and again. Have iphone 5C
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
Can't save the number straight away from the messages? That's bad bru  
Does  care if my iPhone is stolen from a random doorstep?
 on my iphone 6s
 in my iPhone 5c I can't choice Siri's voice after iOS 10 update? I don't feel the new voice
 Why has iOS 10 slowed my iPhone 6s &amp; iPad mini down to a crawl? Opening an app can take 3-4 minutes. Updating takes an hour.
  I thought that was just me!
Im still waiting an answer about the battery and software problems in my iPhone #iOS10TH 
RT  iOS10 needs a quick upgrade. Too many glitches, substandard navigation..  
 I'm using an iPhone 6. I don't use apple music.
 I follow this  and after 800 mb iphone turn off/on and then see error message to check internet connect
 it's the navi 600 on my  Astra. It plays the music but I can't change the songs from the steering wheel now.
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 ...he is NOT doing anything with digital touch...it is just doing it by itself! How does he make it stop?
 can't see the effects that people send to me in the messages app, even tho I have iOS 10..what's up with that
 That was the problem, I realized it during the afternoon :) Thanks anyway !
 Yall niggas late as hell, I already updated
 whenever I open my message settings, my phone freezes up
Any help??   
 Already done.
 how long does it take for Account Recovery to complete &amp; I find out how to recover my account?
  it's 1.5 years old
This has been happening since yesterday why?   
  can you check your messages for my DM? i need help! 
 still needing help plz -  I have sent DM. Music app is not working in iOS10 for Downloaded Music only! 
RT  We need a waffle emoji!  #iOS10
  it recognises the charging cable then switches to the message "not charging".Changed cable, restarted etc no joy
Fuck Ios10     #bringbackios9
 5s. Every other hour I have to reset my network settings or iMessage doesn't work. Neither does FaceTime.
 DMs
 my iMessages keep messing up, i have switched my phone off and on more times than i can count, please help me fix this!
Hi  can you send me a link so I can DM about an apple TV question....ty much.
 I've just downloaded the new update but two of my apps are stuck on waiting. I've tried all online solutions but nothing works
 why is my phone 1000x slower than it was before updating to iOS 10
 ok but......can we please have the gun back
 ever since i updated to ios10 my messages keep crashing won't open and are having trouble sending at times how can i fix this
Pure love it when  bricks ur  
    same
    welp I'm sticking to iOS 9 until they fix this.
 other than that i love the new update
i updated to ios 10 this morning and my phone keeps overheating  fix this  
 no I've wiped my device using DFU mode. Restored via iTunes. Also made sure to not enrol in the beta program.
. My 4s seems to be bricked after trying to auto-update apps. Hard boot with power/home doesn't seem to work. Suggestions?
 it keeps freezing and sometimes when i open it it's a white screen and i have to reset it. it's not THAT bad, just annoying
I have enough storage for the iOS 10 and my phone gets half way through the update and then says I don't have enough storage. 
 IOS10 is horrible!  Freezes phone cannot even use!
 why won't imessage work on ios10??
 so I'm doing the whole thing again and I can't even avoid the updates. I've been a Mac user since 1991, never seen this!
 my texts r acting weird &amp; sending out of order in convos and I won't get txts. it just automatically deleted everything. help
 Siri on Apple Watch is not responding when lifting the arm or when pressing the button. Can the mic have been damaged
  if you get it sorted tell me
.  Please consider opensourcing #xcode 
  stickers stickers stickers stickers
 i keep trying to update my phone to ios10 but it wont let me
RT  I lost all of my text replacement entries after updating iOS 10. What's going on   how can I get th
 Hey all can u help explain to me what this all is? And how to use it? Bc it kept waking me up 
 hi I sent you guys a message with a problem I have. Any chance you have seen it?
 Ok thanks
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 The screen goes white and then the app closes on its own. I already sent you a DM with the info
  MESSAGES DOES NOT WORK PLZ HELP ):
 i really love how when i plug my charger in, instead of gaining im losing percentage
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 take the headphone jack, but give us back the rating function in iTunes and the music app!
 There's a bug in the iOS 10 Music app where, if you have repeat turned on, the handles to rearrange the queue disappear.
 I have to turn my phone off and back on for FaceTime to work.
  fix the fucking problems with iOS 10 I'm mad asf and I'm loco don't test me
  what have you done?! iOS 10 is absolutely disgusting. It visually looks like a knock off android.
Just me or is it unacceptable that  iPhones costing £700 have screens that smash so easily! 
     Super Jungle Adventures by dao thanh 
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
   ermmm how do I tap a artist name to start playing music on Apple Music? Seems a stupid update?
 you changed the running emoji but didn't give us the option to change directions?? 
 yes, after reinstalling OS X and recovering my data (about 6hrs) I found the iTunes update was not included. Tried again same
 if I try to FaceTime the persons phone won't ring. I also used my iPad ( that I haven't updated) and it works perfectly.
Seriously thinking whether the new generation of MacBooks are worth the money  
This happens all the time.. ??? This is my homescreen !!!   #ios10 
 Is #iOS10 standard on the #iphone7plus? #iPhone7 
How do I go back!?!? #IOS This #iOS10 update makes me want to activate my old blackberry. What is this garbage!? 
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
Any1 no y the new msg effects on the IOS10 update wont show on my 6s?I can send but not receive effects  not reduced motion! 
 doesn't show the option to send with effects
RT  #ios10 reminds me of when I owned an Android.... Can I downgrade my phone??? How do I get rid of this  
 yes it did I'm on iOS 10
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 #ios10 when I switch ring/silent switch on iPhone 6, it does not indicate which status by vibrating or not vibrating.
 I will be Abel to update frow wifi but with all the talk of this update bricking iPhones iPads?
  Abi bana lütfen OS 10 güncelletirmesini göndermeyin.Laf olsun diye güncelletirme gönderiyorsunuz.
 home and lock screen with 23%. When I get a message the screen turns on but it never goes back to sleep!
 is Apple releasing an update to fix ios10 or do we have to fix it with just having a back up?
 my screen isn't automatically activating when I raise the iphone w/ ios10... is this feature available with iphone 6 plus?
 jumping ahead 100+songs every time I select a song. What should I do?
 My ph is frozen now shwing conn to itunes logo. Pathetic. Did not exp this from Apple. Why dont you test your ios bef launch
RT  ALL WE WANTED WAS GROUP FACETIME AND  CHARGERS THAT WEREN'T EASY TO BREAK. Y'ALL HAD ONE JOB.   https:/
 it just doesn't do anything when i click it and yeah i think so?
 this update got my messages messed up what the heck
 hi! I updated my phone to iOS 10 last night, &amp; now when it connects to my car via Bluetooth, the shuffle option for music is
#ios10 reminds me of when I owned an Android.... Can I downgrade my phone??? How do I get rid of this  
. since you forced this iOS 10 update on my phone last night my battery lasts like 3 hours. Help plz.
 soooooo disappointed! I FINALLY have my phone working since ur update decided to crash my phone yesterday! Smh.
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 on my itunes it says i have 2914 photos on my phone, but on my phone there are only 917. How can I fix this? Thanks!
 Help! #iOS10 problem. Cannot factory reset over itunes
Apple the new emogi is gross. Just stop. 
 Thank your for the Dark Mode and Siri support love iT i hope your drop the Dark mode soon in ios  
 hey, so my phone keeps deleting all of my messages, emails, &amp; pictures.
Ran into some tech glitches but  sorted it out. MacBook Pro en route  
 I want to know why it keep saying error when I try to install the update after it downloaded
 I want to downgrade from #IOS10
 it's okay now. I've sorted it. But how do I get the same tones I used?
 I would really appreciate a reply I have been trying to deal with this all day thanks
 Thanks for the link, battery was perfect yesterday, just before updating. I'll hold out for a possible update. :)
 Can you please check your messages?  I'm having an issue.
 Why Siri on my #iPhone5s don't have the new voice? Why the simulator of #3DTouch don't work?
 yes using the same charger which came with the device
  did you expect anything less from rushed, poorly tested updates? Remember when Apple products just worked?
Bonjour  quand j'envoie les animations iMessage ça fonctionne mais pas quand je les reçois ... une idée ? #ios10
 No, nothing at all. The on/off-switch of the alarm is still green though, as if it still needs to ring.
 my phone died and won't turn back on pls send help
   da chi gyd mor sifil yn cwyno ;)
 can you help me ?
SO ARE YA GONNA TELL ME WHY MY IMESSAGE KEEPS CLOSING AND WHY I CANT RECEIVE MESSAGES ? 
RT    Please fix your IPad Pro software update! Your incompetence just BRICKED MY IPAD PRO! 
 but when will there be a red head emoji? ...
 iOS 10.0.1
 which version of iOS 10 is currently available for Public Beta, as well as Dev Beta.   And which version is the "standard"
  iPhone 6S (64GB) - IOS 10Battery UsageMessages (Background) 41% VS Facebook (On screen) 22% 
  what the fuck has happened to my lock screen since this update, took me 5 mins to figure how to unlock my phone
 IOS 10 and yes only when I am using the iPhone for the map directions
 my phone downloaded ios10 but it won't let me install it. fix this.
iOS 10 is shite 
 #IOS10 is awful. I just unlocked my phone so many times with fingers that I didn't set the fingerprints.
   iOS 10 is just alright,the emojis are just fine Just update if you can.
 I have restarted my phone about 5 times since installing the update last night
 yes both are but I've already solved the issue
 can I sort the notifications by app on iOS 10? It seems to be removed from settings
 what's next?
Hey   told me it's your fault that my preorder was canceled so I'm canceling Verizon! Here I come 
 iPhone 6 Plus running iOS 10
Will patiently wait for  to make certain adjustments on the notifications tab.
 Yes I have Apple music, but mainly use my own library. And it's iTunes on Mac, OS El Capitan 10.11.6
 I called support and they helped. They did the same thing I was doing yet it worked for them lol. Finally!
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 I wrote you the result - incorrect date, time and currency formatting on #iOS10 when I choose Slovak or Czech region
this shit gotta go 
 why?? 
  hey Apple can you downgrade? 
. thats one hell of a way to force my into signing into icloud
 why dont photo folders appear on Apple TV?
 till now only snapchat, its lagging way too much pls fix it 
RT  Y Gymraeg wedi diflannu!!! Sbiwch a rhannwch neges  i   
 updated my phone to iOS 10 and now it keeps freezing!!!
  - Love the no more slide to unlock in IOS10 but having issues with TouchID recognizing my fingerprints after the upgrade.
Wow Siri...you understood the question but the answer is completely wrong.  
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 it's all good now.
 why can some people see the new features in I message but my fiancé keeps getting a [sent with invisible link]
Well done  #ios10 hasnt fixed the inaccurate iPhone battery indication 67%, 35%, 5%, 1%, OFF - plug in to power = 39% !
    they really put the L in Apple
 I think the problem is over now bc you have done a new Update.. I don't have it yet but maybe 2morrow thy
A massive thank you to  for helping me retrieve my pics. Excellent customer service! Changed my perception #apple #firstclass
   when will the discrimination stop? Hopefully never.
Good to see  didn't fix their wifi issue with #iO10  
 already tried that reduce motion is turned off. Also have power cycled the device.
 alright thank you :)
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
 so you can tweet others but not reply to my dm
  Huge demand! #WeWantALacrosseEmoji   
  I wish it was. I liked actually inputting my password. 
Hello , my iPhone 6 Plus is not updating to the new IOS 10 , and it just says "update requested " 
RT  Con el iOS10 se va a dañar el botón del iPhone más rápido de lo normal 
 I've tried multiple times on my phone, I've restarted my phone, deleted iOS 10, tried via iTunes but nothing works
 how can i update iphone using itunes?
    : After iOS10 yesterday. I have problems connecting to the network "No Service" #iOS10networkproblem
RT  when you get iOS10 and your phone keeps freezing....... thx 
  if you've plugged your phone in to your laptop lately and it backed things up you should be fine
    sad day for .
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 I have restarted the phone every time the Messages App crashes and I did a backup before I updated!
I pay too much money for my iPhones emojis to look like an android.  I'm never getting over this  .
 why isn't iMessage working ?$)$))!$???
 why can't I activate Touch ID after updating to iOS 10
 sure I mean nothing to the machine thought more. Either but Apple care or throw away after 1 year.
iOS 10 screwed up my phone I lost half of my pictures and my texts and I can't get them back smh 
RT  If you have your Iphone on Welsh Settings, you will lose them if you upgrade to IOS10!! No Welsh option available  
 I have iTunes back ups yes :)
  am  iP6 it goes into lock mode while doing smthn and hv to unlk &amp; app  are rfrsh if I swtch bk to the scene
 TY. But I don't want to switch off the sound. I just want to change it. The new ones are not that great compared to the old.
 is there any way to get bak to iOS 9
RT  Y Gymraeg wedi diflannu!!! Sbiwch a rhannwch neges  i   
 I don't like the fact that you still have to press the button even after you use Touch ID and your phone is already unlocked.
RT   
RT   We know how important it is that you are able to charge your iPhone. Can you tell us how you're charging the
 soft reset is your friend 
 my phone alarm wouldn't snooze this A.M. And if I swipe to bring camera up it won't let me close app unless I phone power off.
 done. Thanks for listening.
 Still 
 can you send Arabic language
 are you going to reply to me?
 WHERE IS THE LACROSSE EMOJI ARE U GUYS PREDENTING ITS NOT A SPORT OR ?????
 ok I'm sorry. Why Siri on my #iPhone5s don't have the new voice? Why the simulator of #3DTouch don't work?
 right? I can't be the only one who thinks this is annoying...  any way to eliminate that button press for passcodes?
AHAHAHAHAHAHA I had to call  yesterday because my phone suddenly wouldn't take a charge.  
 it's not on mine. Is it somewhere else I'm missing? 
 Of the device.
 Still not working correctly even after changing USB port &amp; cord &amp; downloading latest iTunes
 yeah I have
 
 Just updated my iPhone 5s and i need to press the Homebutton to start, but my homebutton is not working. What shall i do now?
  Help me!What is this? #ios10 #iphone it appears only on this screen when i use AssistiveTouch!! 
RT  DO NOT UPDATE YOUR PHONE. It's slow AF, burning my phone up, and depleting my battery like there's no tomorrow. look 
 yes I followed the instructions and yes it got right to the end and then iTunes put up an error boxmy phone is a SE
 oi what's going on over there? The combined brains of Apple and you can't manage an off switch for Siri? Or an oven timer.
 Mom managed to fix it. Thank you though!!
Someone please explain why I can't buy the last few episodes at the "complete my season" price  
RT   We know how important it is that you are able to charge your iPhone. Can you tell us how you're charging the
 she said if someone sends her invisible ink or other effects she cant see anything. It comes as ( send with invisible ink )
 Cutoff twice on chat. I have a TOTALLY useless iPhone 6s due to iOS10 fail. Apple Store 70 miles away. 0 appts. avail. today!
when you get iOS10 and your phone keeps freezing....... thx 
Con el iOS10 se va a dañar el botón del iPhone más rápido de lo normal 
 thank you
 a lot faster than usual! it lasted me from 11 am to 4:30 pm and i didn't use it that much
RT  can someone please tell me why it keeps saying this  
Dear  why the hell do my emojis look like I have a damn android? I payed for an iPhone not no damn iPhone w/android emojis 
 it also won't pick up my iPad
 
So  you going to help me get Beyoncé's profile picture or nah
 ios10
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 Ive seen the Settings&gt;Wi-Fi having the same behavior. A couple of restarts fixes this. So annoying
 feels like the phone is getting hot as well
 6S Plus, and they were a mix of iTunes and uploads. However I have solved this now, deleted and re-synced all music
 I made the drive up to your store to speak with somebody in person, thanks
 no it's 2 people and now this has happened th messages won't even show up 
 also my batter life is terrible. Full charge 1 hour ago and I'm down to 35%. Normal use.
 Yes, I tried re-pairing twice, once restoring from a backup and once setting it up as a new watch. Still no luck though.
 my master's iPad Air 2 bricked with iOS 10, used as doorstop presently 
 yes
 Why are my imessages not doing the new message effects?
 no it's totally bricked unfortunately
                
  I use notes for a lot of writing. A lot. And this feature is not helpful. Can it be disabled for notes?
 download is done but installation fail every time
  that's not good
 An iOS 'choose skin' option would be great. I liked the look before the iOS 7 change. So current, classic &amp; others too maybe?
  Do any clips have a camera icon? If so, import these into a new #FCPX library &amp; copy them back to original library
 iPhone SE, and yes i had restarted it several times. Weather and Maps also crashes.
 Thank you for your message back. I've fixed it I had a setting turned off :) x
 ye
 I've restarted my phone twice and attempted deleting the updating apps and redownloading them
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
 no but its startin to work now its just slow wifi now
 that worked!! Thanks #apple #appleupdate
  How do I turn off "Look Up" in iOS 10? It is annoying to be working on notes and have it get linked to random stuff
 suck my dick
I guess it's not meant to be?   
 check dms :))))))))
 what's the point in the app when you can't access it? Even if you turn it on it stays on this screen 
 we want red head emojis!!!! 
um excuse me   how do i retweet notification tweets from notification centre on ios 10?????
I've just done the iOS update to 10 but can someone please tell me how to get rid of the grey bar above the keyboard?!#apple 
 slow in every app, I restarted and updated through my laptop seems to be working better
 since i deleted icloud from my phone i can not access my contact from email To: Cc: or BCc: what is with that window says same
RT   Game Center has been removed in iOS 10. You can now send invites directly from your games or by using Message
 my invisible text and text options like sound and stuff still don't work smh
 i have tried wifi and data and none work , i cant delete the apps to re download and the app store doesnt stop the download
 my apps won't redownload after updating to iOS 10? please advise I'm going to cry
    no lie they got that hoe running android in the Apple Music app
 how can you turn the Siri app suggestions off? On iOS 10
 I downloaded #iOS10 and the emoji keyboard updated but the new emojis aren't there
RT  Anyone know how to fix problems with iMessage from #iO10 ? So overwhelming and frustrating #Apple 
 can Window Vista users sync with ios10 devices via iTunes? iTunes 10.2+ doesn't run on Vista. 
  will do! thankyou for your help xX
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
   Mae "Catalan" hyd yn oed yn opsiwn! Gwarthus.
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
  I have the 6 and for some reason it won't update to IOS 10. It says IOS 9.3.5 is up to date.
  why is this happening? It's starting to annoy me how much iPhones mess up. 
 fix this I s2g I'm not downloading this ugly shit  
 ios10 will not let me send any text messages???????
 iMessage keeps crashing after update
 it seems to be working now I don't know what was wrong
&amp;&amp; did anybody else notice they're only white families? Like you can't change their race!    y'all wild'n
  can't even open my messages with this new update ? #ios10
RT   when I press the home button all I see are lines across my screen 
  Same here on iPhone6. Reduce motion is turned on. Still doesn't work
 When is Super Mario Run coming to the iPad? Also, will it be compatible with iPod Touch 5th Generation running iOS 9?
 my Apple Watch flashes when screen turns on after updating to watchOs3
I think my phone is the only one who's update doesn't work right   
 excellent! Thanks.
 I just figured it out! Thank ya!
Still can't believe how this new "music" app looks so awful, pls bring back the previous version.   
  WHY CAN'T I ACCESS MY BITMOJI KEYBOARD WITH THIS UPDATE
 iMessage will stop working and texts will only send as text messages, then it won't allow me to go into messages settings
 how can you make a product that is in effect glass and you can't replace the part ?? ££££££&amp;
  same problem.
 I don't see anything there about it.
 I'm letting you know cause we go back and I fuck with yalls
 hi can I ask about iOS 10 pressing the home button on things like iPad Air 1 when it has the old home button
 I've deleted loads of stuff, reset my settings and it still won't work 
    music player looking like an android. 
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 beautifully designed products that when they break epithet cost the earth to fix sons I pad has a small crack £220 to fix it
 yes it does,after it is pressed between 1-3 times,this is outrageous and should not be occurring!! I'm missing important calls
 iPhone 6 and computer
RT if you want   to bring back Ability to sort Notifications in noticication center by Apps iOS 10 !
 Can i update my iphone 5c .. Is it working? Does this update cannot destroy my beloved iphone?
  
  hopefully!!!  let me know what happens!!
RT  Hi  I have updated to iOS10 &amp; discovered that you've removed Cymraeg (Welsh) as an additional language suppo
Shall the turn up be sooooooo real! Lol they should have a baby feet emoji.  
RT  No more slide to unlock. With iOS 10, you unlock your iPhone by pressing the Home button. 
 what happened to grouping notifications by app? :(
  
